c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\SquareTimeProcessingService.dll.config
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\SquareTimeProcessingService.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\SquareTimeProcessingService.pdb
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Client.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Client.xml
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\obj\Debug\SquareTimeProcessingService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\obj\Debug\SquareTimeProcessingService.dll
c:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\obj\Debug\SquareTimeProcessingService.pdb
C:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Tool.dll
C:\Users\yv.tremblay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SquareTimeProcessingService\SquareTimeProcessingService\bin\Debug\Tool.pdb
